Editorial review: Document CSS corner-shape (#40663)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/css_values_and_units/css_value_functions/index.md

  - : Accepts an SVG path string to enable a shape to be drawn.
- {{CSSxRef("basic-shape/shape", "shape()")}}
  - : Accepts a comma-separated list of commands defining the shape to be drawn.

### Other shape functions

- {{CSSxRef("ray", "ray()")}}

>   - : Valid with `offset-path` only, it defines the line segment an animated element can follow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Valid with {{cssxref("offset-path")}}, it defines the line segment an animated element can follow.
```
since it's not with the other basic shapes, we don't have to "only"
linking because it's the first mention under this header.

(I am not even sure ray() should be under basic shapes, as it's a path not a shape, but that is a discussion I am willing to have after this is merged)

- {{CSSxRef("superellipse()")}}

>   - : Defines the curvature of an ellipse, and is used to specify [corner shapes](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/corner-shape).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Defines the curvature of an ellipse, and is used to define a {{cssxref("corner-shape-value")}}, used with {{cssxref("corner-shape")}} and its [constituent](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/corner-shape#constituent_properties) and [related properties](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/corner-shape#related_properties).
```

Author: I've done this, but tweaked it quite a bit.
